Update directions in TUTORIAL.md (#1101)
spotipy-dev/spotipy: TUTORIAL.md

You can check to see if you have pip installed by opening up Terminal and typing the following command: pip --version
If you see a version number, pip is installed, and you're ready to proceed. If not, instructions for downloading the latest version of pip can be found      here: https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/cli/pip_download/

> A. After ensuring that pip is installed, run the following command in Terminal to install Spotipy: pip install spotipy --upgrade
> 
> A. After ensuring that pip is installed, run the following command in Terminal to install Spotipy: pip install spotipy --upgrade
> 

Reviewer: Not sure how this happened, but it seems that this line is duplicated.
```suggestion
A. After ensuring that pip is installed, run the following command in Terminal to install Spotipy: pip install spotipy --upgrade

```

Reviewer: This is not your fault, but I have to mention it somewhere. Why do we check if pip is installed and then AFTER we check if Python is installed? I think we could change the order as well.

Author: Noted about the duplicate line. I have removed this.

Good callout about the order of pip and Python installation instructions. I have changed the order of these.

It looks like my pull request is failing due to a couple of failed tests in the non_user_endpoints/test.py file. Would you suggest I comment out those tests or do something else? My local repo should be up-to-date with the remote repo, so I'm not quite sure why those tests are failing unless they're also failing for everyone else.

## Step 1. Creating a Spotify Account
Spotipy relies on the Spotify API. In order to use the Spotify API, you'll need to create a Spotify developer account.

> A. Visit the [Spotify developer portal](https://developer.spotify.com/dashboard/). If you already have a Spotify account, click "Log in" and enter your username and password. If you don't already have a Spotify account, click "Sign up" and follow the steps to create an account. After you've signed in or signed up, begin by clicking Documentation at the top of your screen and then click “Web API”. Finally, click the link in “Log into the dashboard using your Spotify account” to go to Spotify’s Developer Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A. Visit the [Spotify developer portal](https://developer.spotify.com/dashboard/). If you already have a Spotify account, click "Log in" and enter your username and password. Otherwise, click "Sign up" and follow the steps to create an account. After you've signed in or signed up, begin by clicking on your profile name at the top right of your screen and then click on “Dashboard” to go to Spotify’s Developer Dashboard.
```
